---
slug: best-framer-templates-2024
seo:
  title: Best 20 Framer Templates for 2024
  description: Discover the best Framer templates of 2024! From portfolios to e-commerce and personal blogs, explore top no-code templates that elevate web design with stunning, interactive features.
  image: https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:4800/format:webp/1*Lwbk3zcXU3S5NPiuY7alog.png
post:
  title: Best 20 Framer Templates for 2024
  description: Discover the best Framer templates of 2024! From portfolios to e-commerce and personal blogs, explore top no-code templates that elevate web design with stunning, interactive features.
  date: Jul 6, 2024
  published: true
  image: https://miro.medium.com/v2/resize:fit:4800/format:webp/1*Lwbk3zcXU3S5NPiuY7alog.png
---

Framer continues to lead the way in no-code web design, offering designers powerful tools to create stunning, interactive websites without writing a single line of code. In 2024, the platform has seen an influx of impressive templates that cater to various design needs. Whether you’re building a portfolio, launching an e-commerce site, or creating a personal blog, Framer has a template to fit your vision. Here, we highlight the top 20 Framer templates for 2024 that are setting the standard in web design.

## 1. Nexus AI

[**Nexus AI**](https://nexusai.framer.website/) — Framer AI Template: $69

Discover the Nexus AI Framer Template, a dynamic solution that effortlessly combines the power of an AI Platform Marketing website (CMS) with the versatility of 7 collections, all wrapped in an elegant Dark Theme. This template is crafted to empower you in effortlessly creating visually stunning web applications with unparalleled ease.

**Included Figma File:** Access the Figma file for seamless collaboration and effortless integration into your existing design workflow.

## 2. Agentify

[**Agentify**](https://agentify.framer.website/) — Agency Template: $69

Elevate your agency’s digital presence with Agentify, a comprehensive Framer template designed to streamline your workflow and enhance your client interactions. With its sleek design and powerful features, Agentify empowers you to create stunning websites and presentations that showcase your agency’s expertise and creativity.

With Agentify, you can create stunning websites that set your agency apart and attract new clients. Explore the possibilities and take your agency to the next level with Agentify.

## 3. Taskify

[**Taskify**](https://taskify.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $69

The Taskify Framer Template offers a powerful and flexible solution for creating stunning web applications with ease. This Framer template combines the convenience of a Content Management System (CMS) with the sophistication of 7 versatile collections, all presented in an elegant Dark Theme.

**Included Figma File:** Access the Figma file for seamless collaboration and effortless integration into your existing design workflow.

## 4. Codify

[**Codify**](https://codify.framer.website/) — Agency Template: $69

Codify — Framer Template is a meticulously crafted design solution, tailored for agencies seeking a seamless and dynamic online presence. Our template is more than just a digital canvas; it’s a doorway to limitless creative possibilities.

Explore the possibilities with Codify — Framer Template and take your agency’s online presence to the next level.

## 5. Flowboard

[**Flowboard**](https://flowboard.framer.website/) — Framer Templat: $69

Unlock the potential of Framer with the Flowboard template, meticulously crafted to streamline your prototyping process. Seamlessly integrate Flowboard’s intuitive design features with Framer’s powerful prototyping capabilities to bring your ideas to life like never before.

**Included Figma File:** Access the Figma file for seamless collaboration and effortless integration into your existing design workflow.

## 6. Flexify

[**Flexify**](https://flexify.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $69

Flexify is a dynamic Framer template designed to elevate your prototyping experience. With a focus on flexibility and user-friendly features, Flexify empowers you to create responsive interfaces that adapt seamlessly to various screen sizes.

**Included Figma File:** The Flexify package includes a Figma file, allowing for seamless collaboration between design and prototyping.

## 7. Landify

[Landify — Framer Template](https://landify.framer.website/)

[**Landify**](https://landify.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $69

Landify is a versatile one-page template, designed to cater to diverse business needs. Currently in its version 1.0, it offers 5 distinct designs, each crafted with attention to detail and functionality. This is just the beginning — 20 to 30 additional pages will be added soon, expanding its capabilities and customization options. Perfect for startups and established businesses alike, Landify combines simplicity with powerful features to enhance your online presence.

## 8. Dashcraft

[**Dashcraft**](https://dashcraft.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $59

Dashcraft is your ultimate destination for high-quality Framer templates. Elevate your design projects with our carefully crafted templates, designed to streamline your workflow and enhance your creativity. Browse our collection today and unlock endless possibilities for your next project

## 9. Fortune

[**Fortune**](https://usefortune.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $79

Fortune is a modern Framer template designed for web apps and companies. Promote your product with Fortune and show it’s key points.

## 10. Evoke

[**Evoke**](https://evoketemplate.framer.website/)— Framer Template: $79

Evoke is a premium Framer template made for agency or SaaS businesses. It has 7 unique pages, a proven conversion funnel, and a sleek design that will elevate your branding.

## 11. Pavyon

[**Pavyon**](https://pavyon.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $69

Welcome to Pavyon, where innovation meets design in the world of Saas and startup website templates. Fuel your entrepreneurial journey with our meticulously crafted and fully customizable template, designed to captivate audiences, streamline user experiences, and drive unprecedented growth.

## 12. Zenera

[**Zenera**](https://zenera.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $69

Explore the seamless world of design prototyping with the Zenera Framer Template. This powerful and versatile template is meticulously crafted to empower designers, developers, and creative minds in bringing their visions to life.

## 13. Future

[**Future**](https://future.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $49

Step into the future with Future Folio, a Cyberpunk-themed Portfolio Template built exclusively for Framer. Its sleek and minimal design is perfect for Artists, Designers, and Photographers looking to showcase their work in style and make a lasting impression.

## 14. Carbon

[**Carbon**](https://carbon.framer.website/)— Framer Template: $99

Create a stunning online presence with “Carbon,” the cutting-edge SAAS template designed to captivate and convert. With its sleek dark mode interface, customizable features, and SEO optimization, Carbon is the perfect choice for startups and digital products. It’s responsive, user-friendly, and guarantees an immersive user experience. Stand out from the crowd and unlock your brand’s potential with Carbon today!

## 15. Symbol

[**Symbol**](https://usesymbol.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $49

Symbol is a simple and modern Framer template designed for web and mobile app owners and companies. Promote your product with Symbol and show it’s key points.

## **16. Startify**

[**Startify**](https://startify.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $69

Startify is a comprehensive Framer Template designed specifically for startups. Our template offers tailored solutions, leveraging Framer AI technology to drive business growth and innovation.

## 17. INKY

[**Inky**](https://inky.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $49

INKY a punchy Portfolio Framer Template for 3D artist, Photographer and Designers with a unique identity, storytelling and animation.

INKY is an innovative Framer template tailored specifically for 3D artist, Photographer and Designers, boasting a distinctive identity characterized by compelling storytelling and captivating animations. With its versatility and attention to detail, INKY is the best to be different and remarkable in the crowdy world of artist, Photographer and Designers.

## 18. Dashfolio NEO

[**Dashfolio**](https://dashfolio-neo.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $99

Dashfolio Neo is a reworked version of the original Dashfolio. Many things were improved and added. The sidebar now has keyboard shortcuts and can be collapsed. The CMS also got an extension: New CMS collections and pages for Services and the new Feed. Also, the overall design has brought a fresh and more modern touch!

## 19. Platify

[**Platify**](https://platify.framer.website/) — Framer Template: $69

Unlock the potential of your business with Platify, the ultimate Framer template designed for innovative and dynamic companies. Platify seamlessly integrates cutting-edge design with powerful features tailored to meet the needs of startups, SaaS businesses, and tech enterprises. Experience unparalleled flexibility, customization, and performance with this premium template.

## 20. Nebula

[**Nebula**](https://nebulatemplate.framer.website/)— Framer Template: $49

Looking to build a brand around your agency and close more clients? With Nebula, your agency has a state-of-the-art website within a few minutes. Simply adjust the template to your liking, click publish, and you have an extremely professional agency website!

Explore these top 20 Framer templates for 2024 and elevate your web design projects with cutting-edge tools and designs. Each template is meticulously crafted to offer unparalleled creativity and functionality, making Framer the go-to platform for modern web designers.
