---
seo:
  title: Stylokit - Terms of use
  description: Welcome to Stylokit! By accessing our website and using our services, you agree to comply with these Terms of Use. Please read them carefully before using our website or services.
  image: /og-image.jpg
header:
  title: Terms of use
  date: April 12, 2024
  description: Welcome to Stylokit! By accessing our website and using our services, you agree to comply with these Terms of Use. Please read them carefully before using our website or services.
---

#### Acceptance of Terms

By accessing or using Stylokit, you agree to be bound by these Terms
of Use and all applicable laws and regulations. If you do not agree
with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing
this site.

#### Use License

Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the
materials (information or software) on Stylokit's website for
personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of
a license, not a transfer of title.

#### Disclaimer

The materials on Stylokit's website are provided on an 'as is' basis.
Stylokit makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby
disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without
limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability,
fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual
property or other violation of rights.

#### Limitations

In no event shall Stylokit or its suppliers be liable for any damages
(including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or
due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to
use the materials on Stylokit's website.

#### Revisions and Errata

The materials appearing on Stylokit's website may include technical,
typographical, or photographic errors. Stylokit does not warrant that
any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete, or
current.

#### Links

Stylokit has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and
is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The
inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Stylokit of the
site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

#### Modifications

Stylokit may revise these terms of use for its website at any time
without notice. By using this website, you are agreeing to be bound by
the then-current version of these Terms of Use.

#### Governing Law

Any claim relating to Stylokit's website shall be governed by the laws
of the jurisdiction of Stylokit's location without regard to its
conflict of law provisions.
